error: allow to specify where to get error location (#9850)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9792-error-level.md

## feature/lua

> * Added a `level` argument to `box.error` and `box.error.new` for specifying
>   the stack frame used for setting the error location (gh-9792).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `level` argument to `box.error` and `box.error.new` to specify
  the stack frame used for setting the error location (gh-9792).
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
